Rename AlarmControlPanel to AlarmControlPanelEntity (#474)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/entity_alarm_control_panel.md

This entry is incomplete. Contribution welcome.
:::

> An alarm control panel entity controls an alarm.  Derive entity platforms from [`homeassistant.components.alarm_control_panel.AlarmControlPanelEntity`](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant/blob/master/homeassistant/components/alarm_control_panel/__init__.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An alarm control panel entity controls an alarm.  Derive a platform entity from [`homeassistant.components.alarm_control_panel.AlarmControlPanelEntity`](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant/blob/master/homeassistant/components/alarm_control_panel/__init__.py).
```
